# Highload Performance Test Project

## Description
This project is designed to demonstrate a simple example of a highload performance test within a microservice architecture.

## Purpose:
This project explores the concept of handling high-volume data and processing within a microservice architecture. It consists of three interconnected services, each responsible for a specific step in a data processing pipeline.

## Component
1. service-one: This service represents the first stage of the performance testing pipeline.
2. service-two: This service receives data from "service-one" and processes it further.
3. service-three: This service represents the third stage of the performance testing process.
1. Grafana
2. Kafka
3. provectuslabs/kafka-ui
4. Postgresql
5. Guntling
6. Jaeger

## Functionality:
This project simulates a three-step process where each service performs a specific task:

- Service-One:
    - Receives a request from a client (e.g., a load testing tool) to perform a calculation.
    - Performs a specific task (e.g., "STEP_ONE" - accessing and retrieving data from a database).
- Service-Two:
    - Receives data from "service-one" (which is assumed to be generated by a separate service).
    - Performs a specific task (e.g., "STEP_TWO" - further processing data).
    - Performs a specific task (e.g., "STEP_TWO" processing) on the data.
    - Sends the processed data (e.g., "STEP_TWO" data) to a Kafka topic.
- Service-Three:
    - Receives the data from "service-two" (which is assumed to be pre-processed by "service-one").
    - Processes the data received from "service-two" (e.g., "STEP_TWO" processing).
    - Sends the final processed data to a Kafka topic (e.g., "STEP_THREE" data).

## How to Run:
This project requires Docker and Docker Compose to be installed.
Clone the repository:
```
git clone <repository_url>
```

Build the services:
```
docker-compose build
```

Run the services:
```
docker-compose up
```
Note: This README assumes you are familiar with basic concepts of Kafka and microservices.
